#summary Download and Installation
= Installation =

[Contents Contents] [LeaderBoard Next]

Download http://cpbserver.googlecode.com/svn/trunk/cpb.zip. This version dated 12th July 2014.

Save the file, click on the file to unpack all the files. Copy all the files to a directory and double click on "cpbserver.exe" to run it. If the directory is on a usb memory stick then it can be moved if the computer fails. Probably best if the server is run on a laptop with a good battery. Because it opens a couple of TCP/IP ports, Windows Firewall and some anti-virus software may block access, hopefully it will ask before it does this so you can allow access.

When the program starts a window should open and display something like:
{{{
CPBserver  Copyright (C) 2014 Mike Johnson
This program comes with ABSOLUTELY NO WARRANTY.
This is free software, and you are welcome to redistribute it.
See gpl.txt or http://www.gnu.org/licenses/ for conditions.

Server address 192.168.1.64 ports 80, 4023
}}}
To check its working open a web browser on the same pc and enter "http://127.0.0.1" as the address, the leader board should be shown.

Type "shutdown" into the window to save the data stored in the server in the file "data.csv" and to close down the server.

There is a small configuration file "cpbserver.cfg" which has a single line and may look like:

{{{?Path=&Result=80&Update=4023&Timeout=20 }}}

Timeout is the time delay with no data being entered, before a backup is done. Update is the secure port for data entry, change this to stop anyone nearby entering data. Result is the port for the leader board and results information. 80 is standard for web servers and should not need to be changed, unless you are just testing and already running a web server on the PC. Path is only needed if most of the files are in a different directory to the exe and cfg files. Such as when testing changes to the server software.

{{{?Path=E:\Archery\Server\CPBserver\&Result=83&Update=4023&Timeout=30 }}}

I'm using Windows 7 and Visual Studio Express 2013 to develop this. I've just recompiled and run on Windows XP, however it does not work properly on IE8, but the latest version of Opera seems to work and run on XP. The leader board I've also tried on a Samsung Galaxy Ace.